Add short guide on updating constraints files (#460)
napari/docs: docs/developers/coredev/release.md

  pytest tools/ --tb=short
  ```

## Update constraints files

> `napari` uses a set of constraints files to make sure all dependencies are compatible with each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`napari` uses a set of constraints files to prevent random test crash because of some depndecy update. It allow also for future reprducible build (see linkt to installation instruction here). 
```

> These files need to be updated regularly, especially before a release. You can find these files at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files need to be updated weekly at monday. Such update may be triggere manually by core dev also. You can find these files at
```

> [resources/constraints](https://github.com/napari/napari/tree/main/resources/constraints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[resources/constraints](https://github.com/napari/napari/tree/main/resources/constraints).

To get updated constraints for your PR use `@napari-bot update constraints` in PR comment, then folow instruction in comment added by a bot.
```
